Fix/refactor creation of connections and queues (#528)
vyuldashev/laravel-queue-rabbitmq: README.md

}
```

### Use your own Connection

> You can extend the build-in `PhpAmqpLib\Connection\AMQPStreamConnection::class`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can extend the built-in `PhpAmqpLib\Connection\AMQPStreamConnection::class`
```

or `PhpAmqpLib\Connection\AMQPSLLConnection::class` and within the connection config, you can define your own class.
When you specify a `connection` key in the config, with your own class name, every connection will use your own class.

An example for the config:

```php
'connections' => [
    // ...

    'rabbitmq' => [
        // ...

        'connection' = > \App\Queue\Connection\MyRabbitMQConnection::class,
    ],

    // ...    
],
```

### Default Queue

The connection does use a default queue with value 'default', when no queue is provided by laravel.
It is possible to change te default queue by adding an extra parameter in the connection config.

```php
'connections' => [
    // ...

    'rabbitmq' => [
        // ...
            
        'queue' => env('RABBITMQ_QUEUE', 'default'),
    ],

    // ...    
],
```

### Heartbeat

By default, your connection will be created with a heartbeat setting of `0`.
You can alter the heartbeat settings by changing the config.

```php

'connections' => [
    // ...

    'rabbitmq' => [
        // ...

        'options' => [
            // ...

            'heartbeat' => 10,
        ],
    ],

    // ...    
],
```

### SSL Secure

> When u need a secure connection to rabbitMQ server(s). Then this is possible by setting extra config options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need a secure connection to rabbitMQ server(s), you will need to add these extra config options.
```

```php
'connections' => [
    // ...

    'rabbitmq' => [
        // ...

        'secure' = > true,
        'options' => [
            // ...

            'ssl_options' => [
                'cafile' => env('RABBITMQ_SSL_CAFILE', null),
                'local_cert' => env('RABBITMQ_SSL_LOCALCERT', null),
                'local_key' => env('RABBITMQ_SSL_LOCALKEY', null),
                'verify_peer' => env('RABBITMQ_SSL_VERIFY_PEER', true),
                'passphrase' => env('RABBITMQ_SSL_PASSPHRASE', null),
            ],
        ],
    ],

    // ...    
],
```

### Events after Database commits

To instruct Laravel workers to dispatch events after all database commits are completed.

```php
'connections' => [
    // ...

    'rabbitmq' => [
        // ...

        'after_commit' => true,
    ],

    // ...    
],
```

### Lazy Connection

By default, your connection will be created as a lazy connection.
If for some reason you don't want the connection lazy you can turn it off by setting the following config.

```php
'connections' => [
    // ...

    'rabbitmq' => [
        // ...

        'lazy' = > false,
    ],

    // ...    
],
```

## Laravel Usage

> Once you completed the configuration you can use the Laravel Queue API. If you used other queue drivers you do not need
> to

Author: ```suggestion
Once you completed the configuration you can use the Laravel Queue API. If you used other queue drivers you do not need to
```
